Congratulations on
finishing the program.
You should feel so proud
of yourself for the work
that you put in and the time
and effort that it took.
There was a lot of
information to get through,
a lot of work to do
and you did it all.
Good job finishing up the work.
I know it might not have
always seemed easy,
but you made it to the end.
You are well on your way to
the next step in your
career as a data analyst.
That was amazing!
You're on your way.
I'm so excited to
see what you make
of your career in data analytics.
This is a huge achievement.
Oh my gosh, you did it!
You've done a fantastic job.
Well done.
You crushed it.
What an awesome job.
Way to go!
Amazing!
Congrats.
Congratulations!
Analysts are amazing.
You are now an amazing analyst.
You're joining the
ranks of folks who
explore data to make their
world a better place.
I am so excited to see
what you'll do with this.